a) Do a couple dummy reads from the data port.
b) Get the current controller configuration byte (controller command 0x20).
c) Do another dummy read from the data port.
d) Set a new configuration byte (controller command 0x60).
     Note: This step disbles IRQs, enables clock signals to any devices
           and disables the scan code translation for the first PS/2 port
e) Do another dummy read from the data port.
f) Send "disable device B" command to the controller (controller command 0xA7).
g) Get the current controller configuration (controller command 0x20).
h) If clock signal to device B is still enabled, then assume the PS/2
     controller is an older "single device" controller rather than
     a "dual device" controller, and mark device B as unusable.
i) If it is a "dual device" controller, send the controller configuration
     byte again to re-enable device B (controller command 0x60).
j) Create a new node for the PS/2 controller in my "device tree" (mark the
     IO ports and IRQ/s as used, etc).
k) Disable scanning for device A by sending command 0xF5 to it.
l) If device B is still usable, disable scanning for device B by
     sending command 0xF5 to it.
m) Perform device A interface test (send command 0xAB to device).
n) If device B is still usable, perform device B interface test (send
     command 0xAB to device).
o) Reset device A (device command 0xFF) - if it doesn't return 0xFA then
     0xAA (ACK then BAT test passed) mark device A as unusable, otherwise
     disable device A scanning again (device command 0xF5).
p) If device A is still usable, send the "identify" device command to
     it and store anything returned for later.
q) If device B is still usable, reset device B (device command 0xFF) - if
     it doesn't return 0xFA then 0xAA mark device B as unusable, otherwise
     disable device A scanning again (device command 0xF5).
r) If device B is still usable, send the "identify" device command to
     it and store anything returned for later.
s) Add any usable devices to the the "device tree" ready to load device drivers
